No
Don’t get worked up
The memory card isn’t with me
I gave it to Ye Ci
as soon as I arrived
If anything happens
to me or Director Wen
he’ll take the evidence to the police
Ye Ci
I’m asking you,
where is the memory card?
Stop right there
Didn’t you want this card?
Here, I’ll give it to you
Throw that card into the fire pit
You blind or something?
Throw it in
Mom
Ye Ci, from now on
we’ll be like
water from different wells
Goodbye
You think
this is all over now?
One more minute
What do you mean, one minute?
Before I arrived
the contents of that card
were uploaded to the Jiangcheng forum
Scheduled for 4:00 PM sharp
Now the evidence is irrefutable
If you’ve got anything to say
say it to the police
Ye Ci
I didn’t expect this
You really are something
Didn’t you want to know
how Le Le died?
Let me tell you
He didn’t die because of me
Le Le died from bronchial cancer
Bronchial cancer
had been advanced for a while
Why bring him only now?
The treatment cost alone
was at least 2 to 3 million yuan
Better start saving up
Duan Xiao Jian
What exactly did you do to my son?
Le Le
You must have suffered so much
Daddy will set you free
Okay?
As your biological father
he personally removed your oxygen mask
Even though there was money in the joint account
why didn’t you treat my son?